add week 6 requirements (#84)
duckth/bdsa-project-newgit: docs/doc.md

## Week 5
1. Implement an analysis and visualization of your choice in your `GitInsight` application.

## Week 6

> 1. Polish `GitInsight` application.
> 2. Implements missing requirements.
> 3. Complete documentatin.
> 4. Prepare 15 minute presentation about the application and answer the questions written in [week 6](https://github.com/duckth/bdsa-project-newgit/blob/main/docs/project-description.md).
> 5. Presentation has to reside in the docs directory [here](https://github.com/duckth/bdsa-project-newgit/blob/main/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Implements missing requirements.
2. Complete documentation.
3. Prepare 15 minute presentation about the application and answer the questions written in [week 6](https://github.com/duckth/bdsa-project-newgit/blob/main/docs/project-description.md).
4. Presentation has to reside in the docs directory [here](https://github.com/duckth/bdsa-project-newgit/blob/main/docs).
```

Reviewer: Det er lidt svært at se på ovenstående suggestion men har også ændret "documentatin" til "documentation"
